Remove timed statistics guc (#7113)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/18/epas_rel_notes/epas18_1_rel_notes.mdx

| Enhancement    | Added the ability for pg_dump to dump ACL changes for `SYS` schema objects. We've enhanced pg_dump to reliably capture ACL (permission) changes for both system and user-defined objects within the `SYS` schema. Since system objects are now pinned, this change ensures that custom permissions set on crucial system objects are fully preserved during dump and restore operations.                                                                                                                                                                  |                 |
| Change         | Replaced EDB Postgres Advanced Server-specific boolean columns in `pg_authid` with the integer bitmask. To simplify catalog management and support future extensions, several EDB Postgres Advanced Server-specific boolean privilege columns in `pg_authid` have been consolidated into a single integer bitmask column (`rolredwoodprivs`). This enhancement reduces column sprawl and improves extensibility, while new SQL functions, for example `has_priv-name_privilege()`, allow easy checking of user privileges.                                |                 |

> | Change         | Removed server variable `timed_statistics`, which was formerly used to control collection for [DRITA](/epas/current/working_with_oracle_data/02_enhanced_compatibility_features#dynamic-runtime-instrumentation-tools-architecture-drita).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Change         | Removed server variable `timed_statistics`, which formerly controled collection for [DRITA](/epas/current/working_with_oracle_data/02_enhanced_compatibility_features#dynamic-runtime-instrumentation-tools-architecture-drita).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                 |
```
